The person who wants to die is you
Let's do it!
You're the only trash who still wants to challenge my master
In terms of martial arts, I am not as good as you
But Chitu
I don't believe your holy dog is here to scare people
When I was a child
Ouyang Feilong
If you want to die, let the horse come over
To fulfill you
These three bottles are yours.
These three bottles are the top seven events
I want Fei Long
You shouldn't have any doubts, right?
Fei Long, no!
They're a bunch of psychopaths
Drink it and you will die
Let's promise them to release the Chen family
And my son?
You think I let them go?
Will they release Ouyang Hong?
Mercy to the enemy is cruelty to oneself
OK
It's your turn
Why is Lao Qi okay?
Did you poison it?